Add LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp feature in beta (#43563)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  When enabled, kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
  OpenTelemetry trace spans.
  See [Traces for Kubernetes System Components](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces) for more details.
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp`: Enable invalidating auto-generated Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token)

>   when they are not used in a specified time (default to be one year). Clean up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when they have not been used in a specified time (default to be one year). Clean up
```

  the auto-generated Secret-based tokens if they have been invalidated for a specified time

>   (default to be one year).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (defaults to one year).
```

Author: Revised.

- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenTracking`: Track usage of Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).
- `LoadBalancerIPMode`: Allows setting `ipMode` for Services where `type` is set to `LoadBalancer`.

>   See [Specifying IPMode of load balancer status](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#load-balancer-ip-mode)

Reviewer: If you can, avoid making whitespace changes here (and squash down). It helps avoid merge conflicts.

Author: Revised.

  See [Traces for Kubernetes System Components](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces) for more details.
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenNoAutoGeneration`: Stop auto-generation of Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp`: Enable invalidating Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token)

>   when they are not used in a specified time (default to be one year). Clean up the Secret-based tokens if they have been invalidated for a specified time (default to be one year).

Reviewer 2: Please wrap this long line.

Author: Done.
